this video is brought to you by audible
the world's leading provider of
audiobooks with more than 150,000 titles
across all types of literature go to
audibletrial.com/preneurcast to your one
month free trial which comes with a free
audiobook of your choosing I'm alone in
here are you ah rock what you got rock
on the rock you gonna jump you gotta
jump gotta dip got it you got it how are
we mother fuck whoo go okay I know what
to do here watch this shit suck it oh
why are you carrying a blanket I don't
know why am i carrying this team don't
cry looks worried my guys like yay up he
just was happily accepting his fate we
go how much blood we've lost Oh God doc
huh java damn damn yes why'd you turn
into randy marsh dun dun up dear good
hey Dad in what no you artless bastard
ain't got time to me out we gotta win
what we doing this for I don't know you
saving a princess good you saw nothing
you had it ok double kill
oh yeah dan did a what a surprise okay
nevermind okay ready ah I look oh no you
did it in one truck why god damn it dick
stop back oh my god I'm getting my mouth
oh yeah sucker just fucking go look at
this gun look at this stupid ass gun he
doesn't know it's not a people I'm just
a kid hope you die oh come on yeah yeah
yeah oh there's a gun over there nope
you fucker yeah this game is amazing oh
he wills don't you everything goddamn
Nickelback around me die for that ok
okay hope I'm protected okay oh my god
oh ok ok ok ok ok ok i'm eating there
again ok ok ok why are you bad 00 what
how are you doing this Frank have i oh
never told you the definition of
insanity ah don't stop going you're
gonna give me to fuck with me yeah
thanks you know sovereign my cat sugar
made for ya throw my hand on a bird no
never fuck you seen the light at the end
of the top I'm counting on you did Brett
make this game fuck 6 damn just just
kept ginger ginger it dan I'm rootin for
you come on buddy come on buddy yeah I
get what we're doing that most enough he
has a mother fuck that's the kind of
bullshit that we're doing we're doing
invisible holes cuz fuck you bloody
Trapland cuz fuck you what what ha ok Oh
I just took that in the mouth oh my god
I hate that fucking uh-huh man I just
keep getting shot in the mouth oh I
gotta clean the sweater you can't
whatever bro what's going I'm a goddamn
man what the fuck you haven't finished
the level in so goddamn long it's it's
it's seriously depressing at how bad you
are at simple things I did that first
try all right see that's why you're the
one doing it we're going to a castle
craig okay cool let's crash it get it
fuck you deserved everything that
happened to you just now Wow oh no oh oh
fuck you man you said I couldn't do shit
oh I quit you done I fucking quit let me
leave
you